welcome to I teach how to in this
tutorial I am going to teach you how to
close your computer with a timer all you
need to do is a few simple steps first
search for one and then open it
now after you open one you need to type
in it the code shut down space minus s
space minus T space 120 120 is the
number of seconds
let's try
shut down space minus s space I'm ste
space or nine to 10 20 and okay
your computer will shut down in two
minutes now the timer is set for two
minutes to stop it you need to go to one
again and type shut down space you know
say a space minus a 1 now type shut down
spaceman minus a and ok log off is
cancelled that's it this tutorial is
good for just shutting down your
computer all you can click your friends
this video was brought to you by I teach
how to enjoy